TODO:
better clue on fight / beat up bear
figure out inventory / present for first room
find / make intro screen and win screen graphics
finalize and find / make inventory graphics


*Amanda's Valentine's Day Adventure*

Intro:
	Type 'quit' or 'exit' to close the program.
	Type 'look' to see a little description of where you are.


You walk in the front door of the house.
Instead of someone on their laptop on the couch, you instead see a bear.
Look:
	The front room seems normal. Toys on the floor, couch, TV.
	The bear, however, seems out of place. You think you could take him.

After victoriously fighting the bear, you walk into the kitchen.
Blocking your way you see a sphinx. He is itching to talk to you.
The door to the pantry is ajar.
Look in pantry:
	The sphinx makes no move to stop you.
	You notice that someone has eaten most of the Happy Hippos.
Look at kitchen:
	The under-cabinet lighting really accentuates the place.
	You wish the countertops were cleaner.
Look at sphinx:
	Ancient and mysterious, sphinxes are known for their riddling ability.
Talk to sphinx:
	He asks you a riddle:
	I look at you, you look at me. You raise your right, I raise my left.
	What am I?
		(reflection, mirror)

After answering correctly, the sphinx fades from existance.
Behind him was a vase of flowers!
You make your way to the dining room after solving the riddle of the sphinx.
You see a small but vicious honey badger.
She is sitting on and guarding a brightly wrapped Valentine's Day present.
You notice an oblong, light pink machine with a tangled white cord.
It is on top of some thick, colorful card stock.
Look at badger:
	Badgers can usually be distracted by shiny or colorful things.
	Maybe even well-designed and colorful things (hint, hint!)
Look at machine (cricut):
	It is rose-tinted and has various buttons and dials on the top.
	Different-colored markers jut out of a holder on one end.
	It says Cricut on the top.
Use Cricut on cardstock:
	You give the card to the badger.
	She calms down and returns to playing with the horses in the stable.
	You win!
